readme-export/v3.1.1/On-Chain DEX API -Beta-/pools/trending-pools-list.md, before:

---
title: "Trending Pools List"
slug: "trending-pools-list"
excerpt: "This endpoint allows you to **query all the trending pools across all networks on GeckoTerminal**"
hidden: false
createdAt: "Wed Jan 31 2024 03:32:40 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
updatedAt: "Mon Feb 17 2025 15:32:20 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
---
> 👍 **Tips**
> 
> - You may include values such as `page` to specify which page of responses you would like to show.

> 📘 **Notes**
> 
> - If the token's market cap is not verified by the team, the API response will return `null` for its market cap value, even though it has a displayed value on GeckoTerminal, which might not be accurate as it often matches the Fully Diluted Valuation (FDV).
> - Attributes specified in the `include` param will be returned under the top-level `"included"` key.
> - This endpoint returns up to 20 pools per page. Use the `page` param to navigate more results.
> - `page`: Pagination beyond 10 pages is available for [Paid Plan](https://www.coingecko.com/en/api/pricing) subscribers (Analyst plan or above).
> - Cache/Update frequency: every 60 seconds.
> - GeckoTerminal equivalent page (example): <https://www.geckoterminal.com>

Commit message:

Sync RM export with megafilter updates

readme-export/v3.1.1/On-Chain DEX API -Beta-/pools/trending-pools-list.md, after:

---
title: "Trending Pools List"
slug: "trending-pools-list"
excerpt: "This endpoint allows you to **query all the trending pools across all networks on GeckoTerminal**"
hidden: false
createdAt: "Wed Jan 31 2024 03:32:40 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
updatedAt: "Thu Mar 13 2025 06:09:47 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
---
> 👍 **Tips**
> 
> - You may include values such as `page` to specify which page of responses you would like to show.
> - For more flexibility in retrieving an exact list of pools that match your specific needs, consider using the [/pools/megafilter](/reference/pools-megafilter) endpoint.

> 📘 **Notes**
> 
> - If the token's market cap is not verified by the team, the API response will return `null` for its market cap value, even though it has a displayed value on GeckoTerminal, which might not be accurate as it often matches the Fully Diluted Valuation (FDV).
> - Attributes specified in the `include` param will be returned under the top-level `"included"` key.
> - This endpoint returns up to 20 pools per page. Use the `page` param to navigate more results.
> - `page`: Pagination beyond 10 pages is available for [Paid Plan](https://www.coingecko.com/en/api/pricing) subscribers (Analyst plan or above).
> - Cache/Update frequency: every 60 seconds.
> - GeckoTerminal equivalent page (example): <https://www.geckoterminal.com>
